in 1988 daniel danny mcabee a 22 year
old man
leaves his wedding right before the
ceremony is about to begin
after learning that his fiancee is
cheating on him and was only marrying
him because he was going to be a doctor
he goes to drink alone at a bar where a
young beautiful woman walks in
she sees that dany has a wedding ring on
his hand and asks him about his wife
to which he explains how she recently
left him for someone else
and the woman from the bar ends up
sleeping with him 23 years later
danny now 45 years old is a successful
plastic surgeon in los angeles
who feigns unhappy marriages to get
women and to avoid romantic commitment
that may lead to heartbreak
the only woman aware of his schemes is
his office manager and best friend
catherine murphy
a divorced mother of two at a party
danny meets palmer a young sixth grade
math teacher
without his wedding ring on and they
have a connection together
the next morning she finds the ring and
assumes he's married
she refuses to date him because her
parents divorced due to adultery
instead of telling her the truth dany
tells her that he is getting divorced
from a woman named devlin because she
cheated on him with a man named
dolph lundgren when palmer insists on
meeting devlin
dany asks catherine to pose as devlin
and they go shopping for new clothes to
dress like a trophy wife
a mate over catherine or devlin then
meets with danny and palmer and gives
them
her blessing however after hearing
katherine talking on the phone with her
kids
palmer assumes that her kids are dandies
as well
danny then privately meets with
catherine's kids maggie and michael
to get them to play along and gives them
the aliases of kiki d
and bart respectively danny accepts
their demands for being his fake
children
palmer meets the kids at a chuck e
cheese like play center where
maggie has adopted a fake british accent
and michael acts
very morose they blackmail danny in
front of palmer to take them all to
hawaii
at the airport they are all surprised by
dany's goofball cousin eddie
who has adopted an australian disguise
as the dolph lundgren that dany had made
up earlier
because he wants to go to hawaii as well
to maintain the lies
danny and catherine are forced to bring
him along at the resort in hawaii
danny tells eddie that he is considering
asking palmer to marry him
catherine and danny also run into the
real life devlin adams and her husband
ian maxtone jones because of katherine
and devlin's longtime rivalry
catherine introduces dany as her husband
rather than admit
she is a single mother over time
catherine is impressed by danny and his
way of fun with her kids
catherine again runs into devlin who
invites her and danny out to dinner
eddie agrees to take palmer out to
dinner so that danny can go with
catherine
since he is supposed to be a sheep
salesman eddie's cover is nearly blown
when he is forced to save a life of an
actual sheep who choked on a toy whistle
at dinner devlin asked danny and
catherine to tell each other what they
admire most about each other
and as danny and catherine talk they
start to feel a connection
later when palmer and eddie return from
their dinner date
palmer suggests that she and danny get
married now since a drunken eddie told
her about danny's plans of engagement
danny and catherine are both surprised
by her proposition
but danny ultimately agrees danny later
calls catherine regarding his confusion
but catherine says that she will be
taking a job in new york city to get a
fresh start on her life
the next day palmer confronts catherine
about danny's feelings for her
which catherine dismisses catherine then
runs into devlin at a bar
and admits that she pretended to be
married to danny to avoid embarrassment
devlin confesses that she is divorcing
ian because he is gay
and also that he did not invent the ipod
but made his money by suing the los
angeles dodgers
after getting hit by a foul ball
catherine confides in devlin about being
in love with danny
but then danny shows up behind her
saying that he is not marrying palmer
and that he is in love with kathryn
meanwhile on the plane ride back to the
mainland
palmer meets a professional tennis
player who shares her interests
and sometime later danny and catherine
get married
and live together